PMM-12652   Issues upgrading to >=2.38.x with SELinux enabled (#1200)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/release-notes/2.41.1.md

## Bugs Fixed

> - [PMM-12652](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12652) - The problem of PMM not starting after the upgrade, due to SELinux and rootless PMM container on podman, has been resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PMM-12652](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12652) - Fixed issue that prevented PMM from starting after an upgrade, due to conflicts between SELinux and a rootless PMM container on Podman.
```

> - [PMM-12652](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12652) - The problem of PMM not starting after the upgrade, due to SELinux and rootless PMM container on podman, has been resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PMM-12652](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12652) - Fixed issue where PMM failed to start after an upgrade, due to SELinux restrictions on accessing a PMM file created with root ownership on Podman. This fix applies to upgrades from PMM 2.41.0 to newer versions.

```
